This is a head-gum original.
Sometimes you need to get the hat before you become that man.
You don't name me in.
Like, I'm not this yet, but the hat's going to make me it.
Brad, you look exhausted.
I do.
It just started and you look absolutely devastated.
I mean, it's kind of rude, but...
All right.
I was going to try to be nice to you today,
but you show up with this hat.
You look like a golf pylon.
You have a attitude.
What is that?
What was that little bottle?
It's a non-alcoholic bitter drink.
It's sort of become...
Excuse me one second, actually.
It's actually become sort of my afternoon pick me up.
Pick you up, perfect.
We've got the guy with a leaf flow out the front door now.
That's good for audio.
Yeah, I guess.
What's in the drink?
Bad you ask?
Erbs, spices.
It's like a tea that isn't really good for you.
It's bright, Brad.
What?
What's needed?
Let's not break it.
Break it in your in-depth show, Brad.
Allie, how the hell are you?
I'm good.
I'm stuck between a Kyle Richards joke and a
Salem witch trial joke for the hat.
Let's go with the Salem one.
Yeah.
How was the burning?
That's good.
What was that, Brad?
I just laughed.
Thank you.
We've got a lot to get to you today.
I'm here with a little bit late today,
so I'm trying not to let that sour.
My attitude up top and away.
Uh, this whole schedule has been a mess.
A little schedule has been a mess.
Yeah.
We're pouring it four, 15.
In a way.
On-prem.
On the day.
Yes, we've never done that on a hump day.
Did you guys have sex this morning or?
This morning?
Yes.
It's Wednesday.
Let's move on.
Bond of the week.
I'm back to Aaron Taylor Johnson.
He did a back flip for Vanity Fair.
Did you guys see that?
I didn't see that.
I want to see.
But he did it.
Let's.
Well, the first one.
He didn't hurt himself on the first one.
Very close to the knee caps.
He said, yeah.
Yeah.
I just think I'd love to see James.
Doing like, I don't know.
Gymnastics at the very least.
If not a back flip.
Why is that funny?
I got this thing for $40 at a flea market.
At a flea market.
Really?
Yeah.
Because some of these.
I thought some of these go for like $100.
Good ones, too.
But this one is.
Now.
Staying with come.
Yeah.
What is that?
It's a hat.
What would you even call that hat?
I mean, it's a forl hat.
It's what I've been calling it.
But like.
It looks broken.
It looks broken in.
It looks broken in because it's vintage.
So I don't even have to like make sure that the bend is just so.
There's a little dent in it.
It has a little dent in it.
It's an eight on it.
Yes.
That's fine.
It's character building like wash it.
At least like spot clean it when you bite it.
How the fuck am I supposed to wash it, Brad?
I still spot clean.
Got it.
Damn it.
Uh.
Nature.
Nature turned.
Right?
In conversation.
It's important to listen and then respond intelligently and intelligibly.
Um.
How is that vintage?
Like when did people ever wear that style of a hat?
1612?
Like that's not is what vintage to what year is that?
Yeah.
Like is that like a 20 style or 80 style?
Like when was that hat made?
I would have to assume the 19th century.
Because it's kind of a rancher hat.
I would say.
You know, somebody goes to like out west.
Uh, you know.
It's an Okie.
Let's say.
Trying to find California.
But instead.
What's that?
No.
Just to the whole place.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
Uh.
Enough about the hat.
I wanted you guys to talk amongst yourselves for a bit.
Get all the bullshit out that you guys want to talk about.
Right?
And then we can get back to the actual show.
What is this?
I forgot.
We were recording it today.
Yeah.
So you weren't like prepared.
Wasn't prepared.
Where did you get that?
Where did you get the drink?
We got just a formal bottle.
Yeah.
That's why he's like six ounces.
Which is enough.
I got it at the pharmacy of wine.
It's right by the office actually.
The pharmacy of wine.
It's La Pharmacy Duval.
Right?
Meaning it's sort of a pharmacy of wine.
Yeah.
Whoa.
You guys really aren't bringing anything to the table this week.
Last week was sort of a train wreck of disaster because I didn't bring anything to the table.
Today not only do we have a ton to get to, but you guys aren't saying anything.
Well, you just lambasted me for interrupting you when I was just talking normally.
You started off with such a sour mood.
I said I was going to try to be nice to you this time because last time a lot of the comments were like,
Oh, it's cool to see Brad taking Jeff down a peg.
But you're making it really hard.
You're making me regret my decision to say yes to coming on the show.
That's true.
My bond to the week is Rachel White.
Say more about that.
I think it would be fun to do a little husband wife swap.
So maybe James Bond and he teams up with Brendan Frazier and the kiss.
Is Rachel White married to Daniel Craig?
Yes.
That's awesome.
That's a really good bond.
That is what I'm saying.
Thank you.
It's all give Alice some daps.
Brad, say something nice.
That was a really good bond of the week.
Chicken looks spectacular.
And the second one is a compliment to the cat.
Not to.
A compliment to the cat is a compliment to the cat owner.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know.
Fucking Dane cook or something.
Fucking Dave cook.
Yeah.
It's been like.
One week.
A hundred weeks.
Yeah.
I'm not a bad idea.
Doesn't matter.
Well, if you think the wells run dry for this, then why hasn't broccoli come forward with the news of the next James?
Probably.
Barbara.
Barbara broccoli, the producer of James.
Bond.
That was seven.
I'm just like.
We only meet here once a week.
I'm sure that Sony pictures.
Barbara broccoli and everyone behind James Bond is meeting about the next 007 on a daily basis.
So I'm just like, there's no way the well is run drier than theirs because we only talk about it once a week.
They talk about it every day.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
Even before you said response.
Say it fast.
That's also how normal conversations work.
Correct.
I agree.
I did say that.
Yeah.
Sure.
Maybe they'll pick out of a hat.
Your hat.
Too many names in this hat.
It's pretty much down to Renée Jean Page or whatever the fuck and Aaron Taylor Johnson.
Are you going to wear the hat on a normal day?
Or is it just a sort of a bit for today?
Oh, no normal day.
I really want this to be.
I want to be known as like for L is kind of synonymous with this hat.
I don't need to be synonymous with this hat, but I want to be synonymous with hats.
Like, you know, not everybody needs a thing.
Like for Brad, it's like CLE hats.
No, you don't need to base your personality on an item of clothing.
Try trying growing as a human.
How about that?
It seems like that hat's taken by for L.
Well, it's like you're just trying to.
All right.
Now we're getting somewhere with the sort of dynamism of the conversation.
You guys had some overlapping dialogue there.
I'm going to ask a view that we're strong and contrary to mine.
That's where the comedy comes from, right?
I disagree about the article of clothing.
I will say, I think you become the hat and the hat is you.
Does that make sense?
Sure.
Short.
Let's talk about it.
What's the shirt?
You guys wear the most often and get compliments.
Because I got five compliments within 10 minutes of buying the shit at a bull.
People compliment at your hat.
When they say, I bought the hat.
I put it on immediately within seconds.
I got two compliments from two different different shop owners.
It was like, hey, nice hat.
Yes.
But like, hey, nice hat.
There was no sarcastic undertone.
If that's what you're getting at.
And two people were like, I wish I had bought that hat.
Oh, wow.
What was that?
I said, oh, wow.
A hat confidence is not easy to gain.
So I respect that you have it.
And is that CON fitness?
Or is that K-A-H-A-N fitness?
CON.
Let's get back on board now.
Let's talk about the state of the network.
This is not like an official state of the gum.
But I'd love to talk about some intricacies of the inner workings.
Yeah.
When does this episode come out?
Come out on Friday.
All right.
Why don't you let me do two days?
Like in two days.
Yes.
The 17.
Great.
We could talk.
Smiling because he doesn't think I can get it done.
Last week we recorded on Thursday.
Sure.
So this is sort of a step in the right direction.
I think at least talk about as if you're listening to this before noon.
We're doing a live stream for if I were you.
And I think Jeff's going to be on it too, right?
Yeah.
I'll be there.
So that's from 12 to question mark.
Question mark 30 either 1230 or 130.
And then you guys can log in and check that out.
Maybe you're listening to this during that period right now.
You can stop this insanity.
And move on to the live stream.
That's a good idea.
Yeah.
I guess so felt like an organic plug because you're talking about the state of the network.
And this is happening during that.
You're also going to be on it.
So why are you mad that people would leave here to go watch you.
I mean, I'm down to plug it.
I just, there's this whole section of the show at the end for plug.
So it's talk about the.
Yeah.
You just asked about the network.
So let's talk about the intricacies, the inner workings.
Okay.
Brat.
No, like don't, don't.
Anyone on this make yourselves like small because then I look like a monster.
Like Brad and Ali are both like.
Okay.
What is going on Brad in your neck of the woods of the company?
And what do you even do?
I don't know.
You don't know what I do.
Do you work in like ad sales?
What do you think I do?
I think you work in ad sales.
There you go.
Yeah.
So that's good.
It's awesome.
We're.
We're killing it on a weekly basis.
How much money?
I do want me to give you a specific number.
I'm not.
I'll believe it.
Okay.
No.
All right.
But it's going well.
It's good.
Yeah.
Good.
Or is it like we're.
We do well.
You know, when people say that it's like one second.
It's like where people are like, oh, you know, we do well.
That kind of thing.
I don't know what you mean.
Like when.
Yeah.
Forget it.
That's it.
Yeah.
It's great.
Portland.
Did I get a raise?
No.
Last year.
You didn't.
I mean, I haven't been here that long.
Neither's Joel.
He got a raise.
He did.
Yeah.
Joel's in Patagonia.
Oh, he's been here.
Since May.
Which, by the way, is when Joel started.
We started on the same day.
Yeah.
Maybe it's probably performance based.
I wouldn't be upset about it.
Yeah.
Are you upset?
No.
Thanks.
You know, employees solidarity and communication.
That way.
The fat cats like a mirror don't just hoard everything for their more ourselves.
You're not an employee.
So.
I'm trying to help your ass.
Don't start an uprising if you're like not even part of the class here.
Like you're not part of the company quite frankly here.
And I'm a company man.
Yeah.
Sorry to hear that.
I guess.
I mean, you guys are shitting yourselves.
If you don't think I'm the reason why Adam McKay's podcast network hasn't done well.
You know, it's not that clear slaughter's doing a bad job.
It's that I have been sort of dipping my toes in the waters over there.
Sowing seeds of down descent amongst the underlings and the overlings.
Basically leading to whatever the lack of team building is.
To ensure the.
Failure or at least downward spiral of that company.
I don't even know what it's called.
But that way had come to a slightly better.
Does that make sense?
No.
Yeah, you're saying you're not helping us out.
To make up for your actively sabotaging our.
Competition, which isn't really a competition.
And whose names you don't even know.
Correct.
Kind of into somebody.
What's up?
Did you see my comments on your hat post?
What's that?
I did.
I was driving.
So next time, just maybe wait till I get home because I almost got an accident.
But it was the thing of like, I saw your comment.
And I kind of read it.
It's like an exasperated.
What's that?
Where you don't say the tea.
So it's like.
Fuck you guys.
Yeah.
Let's talk about dating in Portland.
Brad, what's it like?
What's the scene?
What are the spots?
Where do you?
Where do you go out?
Well, I'm not dating anyone.
I'm married.
You're married.
Yeah.
Maybe go on.
Because you should know exactly.
I'm not.
Great.
So you do date.
Sure, man.
Yeah.
Yes, yeah.
So there's so many times, but you're never supposed to stop.
You don't stop dating your wife.
And I don't.
And I didn't.
And we do.
And I did.
So where are the.
Yeah.
So what's dating your wife like in Portland, Oregon?
It's good and fun.
And it reigns.
Do you want like specific restaurants?
I don't know how to answer that question.
I do.
I don't even remember the name of it.
We went to a tie place last night that I got a reservation for.
And it was delicious.
There's a tattoo shop above it.
It's on a Hawthorne.
Luxury form.
Absolutely.
You do.
House is vintage.
House is great.
They have a lot of hats there.
Well, and that sort of set.
I mean, I always always window shop, but I'm sort of set for now.
No, you should you should expand the collection.
You ever go to Revolution Hall?
Yeah.
All right.
Allie.
Let's talk about dating in Portland.
What are the spots?
Where do you go?
So where have you gone?
To sort of get Ziggy with it.
Start us or otherwise.
In Portland.
Uh, I've only been.
I went once when I was like 18.
I know that their public transportation is very good there.
I would recommend taking a bus or a trolley in seeing what happens.
Hell yeah.
I'm here.
Um, I went to a tyrostron with Brad and his wife last night.
Yeah.
It was nice.
It was cool that you showed up.
We split a pad sea.
Ew.
That was.
Yeah.
He made that joke last night.
Twice last night.
Yeah.
That's nice.
We didn't really dive into the state of the network like what's going on.
We have a live stream.
The day this comes out.
That's it.
And ad sales are going fine.
Why is that good?
Yeah.
That's true.
Okay.
So ad sales are going good.
To mid.
Oh, that'll come back around after the ad break.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
He's my gripe about the show.
Yeah.
Amir says dumbership than me.
There's just this dynamic that's been set up where any can he says turns to gold and everything.
I say turns to mold.
Like him doing an impression of the hand of Montana transition.
He's like isn't funny.
But then like both Brad and Ali were both like that.
Swenny that's cool.
And then I say something that I think is kind of clever.
I work with it.
And nobody does any clever.
I don't know.
I would say we've given your hat a lot of attention.
Yeah, but not why you are.
Why would you wear that hat if not to say talk about it.
Guys, our next partner has a product I use literally every day.
All right.
And that's AG1 by athletic greens.
I used to take a bunch of different pills and vitamins.
I used to take like vitamin E, magnesium, selenium.
I can't even remember all of them.
But it was like a fistful of like nine different pills twice a day.
And at a certain point, it became too much.
All right.
And I actually gave up on it.
And I was taking nothing after that because I was just like I don't like having to look out for all
these.
It's also very expensive.
And that's where AG1 comes in because it is an easy all in one nutritional drink that gives
you all of those things and more in the morning every day.
And it's it's one thing you can do to look out for your health every single day.
I mean, even if I'm not necessarily eating clean or if I didn't get to work out that day,
I'm still knowing that every morning, I'm getting all my nutritional supplements and
vitamins in one drink that tastes great, by the way.
And if you want to take baby steps this year to be a little bit healthier, start here,
start with AG1.
So what is this stuff?
Well, it's the healthiest thing you can do for yourself in a minute.
Why take a bunch of different things when you can just mix one scoop of powder in water
once a day.
And that's what AG1 is.
It was designed with ease and minds so you can live healthier and better without having
to do a lot.
Name of the game for me.
It's powerful because it's so easy that it can fit into your lifestyle.
You just scoop it into water, shake it, take it on the go.
Or if you work from home, just sip it as you work.
AG1 has been part of millions of mornings since 2010.
This company's not new guys.
It's been around for a while.
It gives you increased energy and mood support and it makes you easy to live your best life.
I literally always want to find an easier way to do the things that I need to do as I think
a lot of us do.
Why make things harder on yourself than they need to be.
Just get at AG1 instead of getting a bunch of different vitamins because this one is packed
with 75 vitamins, minerals, and whole foods or superfood ingredients of the highest quality
that give you major benefits like gut and mood support, boosted energy, and even healthier
looking skin hair and nails.
I'm a nail biter.
So I need all the help I can get.
If you're looking for an easier way to take supplements, that agreeing is going to give
you a free one-year supply of vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
Just go to athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Check it out.
This show is sponsored by Better Help.
Guys, you always want to be the best version of yourself.
You always want to be on a path to growth, all right?
You don't want to get stagnant because that feels bad and what feels good is knowing that
you're doing things and putting things in action to better yourself and better your life.
And that's where Better Help comes in because therapy can do great things for you.
When life gets you bogged down and you feel overwhelmed or you're not showing up
in the way you want to, therapy can be that first step to a happier, brighter, more fulfilled
life where you are the best version of yourself.
Working with a therapist can get you closer and closer to that best version because when
you feel empowered, you're more prepared to take on everything that life throws at you.
And life will throw shit at you.
Again, I'm in therapy every week.
Sometimes I miss it a week and I notice it.
I notice the difference when I can't make it to an appointment.
I everything feels a little bit harder or a little heavier.
It just always feels better when you can air out your feelings and talk them through
with a licensed professional.
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try, Better Help is a great option.
It's convenient, flexible, affordable and entirely online, right?
No more waiting rooms, guys.
No more driving, either than thinner.
Just to feel out of brief questionnaire and get matched with the license therapist today.
And switch therapists at any time at no additional charge if it's not a good fit.
So if you want to live a more empowered life therapy, you can get you there visit betterhelp.com
slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help.
HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, Better Help.
Well, awesome.
Oh, it's not really.
What's the name?
Oh, my gosh.
f***ing a jackshow.
I never granting it.
This is so fun.
I don't kick.
No.
And chicken.
That was just corn.
Yeah.
Oh.
See, like, right there, that wasn't funny at all, and Brad can't control himself.
He's having to lean away from the mic.
It's funny to imagine that's how, um, that's how Ali's cat chicken.
Flaps.
I like that chicken's becoming a recurring character on the pot.
Just like how New York is often a character in Sex and the City.
Yeah.
Chicken is like a character on the...
New York.
I agree.
You're mad about it.
Let's stay up the emails and let's stay up the text, or it's more on the bucket.
So I'm not asking for a lot.
You are.
And I will.
Okay.
And if I do, it's like, as you asked me.
Last week of your post, a photo that he took a monitor.
When we were shooting sketches last night.
And then he captured it.
Me.
Uh, has a promise for my script story.
I said that we were diving to one exactly.
Man, don't listen.
Just don't know about this.
Let's do the show.
Let's just break that and appreciate it.
Uh.
Man.
I said, he's a...
F**k.
I said, on my Instagram story, that I would get to the bottom of exactly what
a mirror meant when he posted this.
So, like I said, I didn't appreciate it.
I think I'm more than mad.
I think I'm...
At the very least above average, uh...
Broadway video style.
But, um...
What did you mean, Amir?
Did you mean...
Let's like figure this shit out.
Because I did...
Again, I didn't appreciate it.
The very least we could nip this in the bud.
Uh, and be like, oh, I just was like putting a caption.
It just like is like something that's in the ether, which we feel a lot better.
But if it was that you think I'm mad?
Or if you think the sketch I wrote that we were shooting on this day was mad,
then I...
I'm not gonna just sit idly by.
I'm not gonna sit idly by.
That one's for all my brown fellows.
Uh, it's just...
It's not...
It's not okay with me.
You know, you have to sell a advocate.
And that's what I'm doing here.
So let's get to the bottom of it.
What do you mean?
I meant that you were mad.
Sorry?
Amir, I'm like giving you an out to like not with my feelings.
I'm saying, like you could just say that it was like...
Like, by Brad, and a lot of there.
Yeah.
And that's what I thought he meant when I saw the post.
That's why I smashed that like button.
Yeah.
Did what did you think he meant the hat was made?
And that's why you got a new hat?
Or...
Again, I had no idea what you meant.
I obviously took offense because I assumed the worst.
But I like to think that worst case scenario is don't often happen.
Uh, you know, whether that's an an effort to ease my own anxiety or whatever.
But, you know...
Not in this case.
The question is...
Oh, what's the undertone?
You know, what's the context?
Let's get all that too before you just kind of straight forwardly say that you were saying I was mad.
Because it can't be that.
It has to be that, you know, holistically you were trying to make other people laugh.
You're trying to spread joy.
By playing into this kind of honestly character that I play that you play like in these public spaces.
Because obviously when we hang out just two of us are in the office.
It's like we talk about other stuff.
We like talk about intangetological things.
Things we read, things that we enjoy.
There's a real kinship there.
There's a real like mentor, mentee, style.
Uh, dynamic there.
Uh, but publicly face it.
You got to make people smile, right?
You got to make people that enjoy.
And so I was wondering, is that what you were doing here with this caption?
It's like, oh, he's mad, you know?
And then like, and then as I bring it up on the show you're also playing into that.
Is that what was happening?
Uh...
Now I'm just calling you like average.
Absolutely.
And then just diving into that sentence.
Is it that you hold all of us to a standard that's already subpar and a golf term.
Above average in another term where it's like at-head gum.
We achieve such excellence.
Again, like doing well at the moment is doing fine.
No more other confidence.
Good.
No more do I think you're that bad.
You're right in the mean mean.
And I'd rather be bad.
I'd rather you have a hard opinion about me either way.
To be made in someone's eyes I think is the lowest form of congeniality.
Yeah.
Because it frankly lacks that.
My thing is like, I'm just really trying to give you the benefit of the doubt here.
Because otherwise I might cry.
Did you mean that this photo of a photo of me captured a part of me that you'd consider
mid?
Or is it holistically that me as a person?
Ain't it, ain't him?
You're not that dude.
You're not him.
You're not that guy pal.
You're an average Joe.
Where did you come from?
Where did you go?
You're an average Joe.
You're five out of ten.
I'll see man.
So see man.
You're just totally gray.
You're tan your beige.
Right in the middle.
Or mid.
Well, I know a lot of people that love neutral palettes, Jeff.
Yeah.
Mid isn't necessarily a bad thing.
It's specifically not a bad thing.
Yeah.
You're just like unnoticable.
If you get blood tests like results back, you want to be in the middle there.
Don't want to be too higher to low.
Just hard because like, I don't know, strive for excellence.
You know, everybody wants to be great at what they do.
They even if you end up like, you know, reach for the stars you'll end on the clouds, whatever.
It's a good fail safe to be mid, but to be at this point in my career in my life.
I'm 25 like to be considered mid instead of on the rise or like,
at least above par for my age.
You know, leaves me feeling like I did in this photo.
Can you see my face, Brad?
What is the picture is also kind of mid.
It's upside down.
Kind of illegible a little bit, but I didn't take the picture.
Did you think I took the picture?
Because I'm here.
No, no, no, no.
It's just mid pick for a mid guy.
You know, so you're saying the framing, which is kind of fine to that matches the subject.
Yeah, it's almost artistic.
Like that's why I part of the reason why I dropped a like on it.
Like I, it speaks to the subject of the photo.
And let's go on that for a second.
Let me finish though.
Like the framing, the lighting, how like you can't really, like it's a little blurry.
Sure.
Like it, it art imitates.
Me.
Right.
Here's my kind of like, and let's go off that for a second.
Yeah, a lot of great art art that we consider amazing now.
At the time was not received well.
And this was posted what four days ago.
And, you know, not only was the photo, as Brad said, sort of average,
you're saying the subject is also mid, the subject being me, unfortunately.
But I'm wondering if because you're acknowledging that it is art,
that maybe in like 50 years people look back at this post and they say,
man, like he was ahead of it.
Yeah.
Man.
He had something to say that other people just move on.
Yeah.
I would counter that by saying that a lot of art is appreciated in its time.
Probably a lot more art.
It's like pretty rare that like someone 50 years down the line.
Let's just go on.
Yeah.
You got, you didn't get the answer you wanted.
But I feel like I've been loud and clear.
I feel like there's room for negotiation here.
Loud and clear.
I think there's room for negotiation here.
I've wondered if any of you could be swayed in your opinion about me being
par.
You are par for the course.
And I will not be swayed.
Did you see tar?
I didn't.
Oh, this is so fucked up.
Bloods.
Beyond that, it was all wax episode.
Let's get into some of topics.
Y'all want to talk about.
I'll take a back seat and we can figure this shit out as we go.
That was the only segment you had.
I said we had a lot to get to.
You guys aren't exactly contributing in the ways I need you to.
What did you?
What did we have to get to?
Bond of the week.
And then a picture of you that I posted on Instagram.
That was the reparation that we didn't get.
Dive into deep enough.
I just thought that we would have a whole debate.
I thought that maybe it wouldn't be three against one me trying to like, you know,
Sisyphicianly.
Change your guys' opinion.
I'm not not on your side.
But.
But time will tell.
That's what I'm saying.
History.
And Brad's saying there's not even room for growth in that way.
For public opinion to change.
Ten years ago, everybody was wearing skin tight jeans.
Now that's not cool to have.
I don't know.
I mean, I think I think people thought that Vincent Van Gogh sucked.
And he wore hats too.
And now people like him.
So there's hope.
Yeah, but wasn't he like a little fucker?
Like, wasn't he like a bad guy?
I was like violent.
I thought he like abused his partners.
Maybe that's why people didn't like his ass.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I also kind of mid in my eyes.
He's the midest beetle.
I agree.
Who's your favorite beetle?
Paul McCartney.
Easily.
George Harrison.
Yeah, the hat.
That's a very George hat actually.
That's actually kind of sick.
Abby Rowley.
Yeah.
He didn't wear it on Abby Road.
They all wore suit.
They did a photo shoot around the time of Abby Road.
Where he wore a hat.
Are you talking about the all things must pass?
He was wearing a hat on the cover of all things must pass to you.
Yeah.
I tried to recreate that photo before the hat or.
That was why I didn't work out because I didn't necessarily have to be.
The clothes, the skills, the, you know, the know how to take a photo saw.
Yeah.
This is.
But now.
It's.
A zero burger.
It's not waxing.
It's got to be you say it.
Talking.
Got to help so.
Yeah.
I thought it was banal.
Listen.
Is it my responsibility to come up with shit to keep the show going.
Absolutely.
Yes.
But what?
Did you say no?
Did anybody say no?
No.
100% it is.
But I should also be able to bring things to the table and have them be explored and not shot down.
And people blame me depending on how this episode goes every week.
But when you guys show up without joy in your heart and even a little bit of the benefit of the doubt given unto me by the it's hard.
It's just hard.
And I'm not going to keep sitting idly by that one's for all my brown fellows.
You keep saying that.
What is that?
Idly.
It's like these little like rice ball things for.
They're like an it's an Indian food.
You wouldn't.
Yeah.
It's hard.
More like you don't.
It's actually not cool.
Oh yeah.
I don't know.
The next episode of yours wearing a sorry.
I am.
Because I am.
I'm.
What's the control like?
Yeah.
What the fuck is that?
I'm Brad.
Yeah.
I didn't end up working out.
Next time though.
For sure.
Yeah.
I'll make it down there.
I'm much a colleague way.
No LA.
I lost Los Angeles.
Yeah.
Makes a cally.
It's a different place.
You good?
Weird.
You guys don't have anything you want to talk about.
It's like bring some shit.
You know what I mean?
I'm not even.
Everybody's going to jump down my throat again because I didn't have an up
prepared.
But you guys could talk about anything.
You could just let shit flow any time I stop talking.
You guys just kind of settled down and you don't say anything.
Yeah.
You're like the host.
So you're like bring stuff.
And then we discuss.
Yeah.
You're showing up with nothing.
You're removing the thing, you know, on top of the plate.
And then it's just like.
I brought it.
I brought bond to the week, which we all know to expect.
And I've come to expect.
And I brought the debate, which, by the way, is kind of dynamic.
It's like about the Chinese spy balloon.
Who do you think was behind it?
Probably the Chinese.
Cover man or.
Yeah.
I wonder if we send a headgum spy balloon over to your wolf.
Thought about it.
Yeah.
It's a good idea.
Actually.
It was the most obvious building.
And it accidentally goes off course and flies above China and you start world war three.
How big was this thing?
Do we know?
It was 200 feet tall.
Wow.
It wasn't.
It was.
Yeah.
I wonder how it did not go too high or too low.
Like usually balloons are like, you know, lighter than air heavier and they'll drift up or down.
Referred to just stay that height.
Pretty impressive.
All right.
I just open chat GPT.
What do you guys want to see?
Oh, my Lord.
What?
Minute 37.
We already like, filled in the dead air.
Now you want to start a full new segment.
Have it right a segment for the show.
That's a good idea for next week.
That's a good idea.
Hey.
I'm an inept host and I can't come up with a single idea.
Is there anything that you think that four people could discuss in a fun fashion?
And then chat GPT because it's, you know, artificially intelligent.
Damn.
Daniel.
Someone asked me to describe this show the other day.
Because they asked what I did for a living.
And I honestly couldn't.
They were like, what's it about?
What do you do?
You know, I don't think chat GPT will be able to outline this in episode of the show.
Because I just typed the first thing I said.
I said, tell me or he is mid.
I said, I'm sorry.
But as an AI language model, it is not within my programming to insult or belittle individuals.
And that seems to be all in that with on this show.
Yeah.
I don't think you'd gave it the correct prompt.
Then like you have to ask it to come up with second ideas.
And all you did was just sort of type an insult.
Say, what's a segment idea that sounds like dealer no deal.
Because it rhymes with dealer no deal.
And then it would probably fart out something slightly better than squeal or no squeal.
Which is something you actually came up with and we played last week.
All right.
The title is called Cash Vault.
And this game show a contestant is presented with a vault containing a random amount of cash
ranging from a small amount to a large jackpot.
Let's just do plugs.
This is so fucked up.
I was excited for this episode and now I'm sorry about it.
Why are you excited?
I could let energy at the bitters at the hat.
I had a whole thing to get to.
I knew you were expecting us to come to be.
But whether or not you meant to call me mid.
All right.
You didn't even open it up to normal discussion.
You just off the bat said, yeah, I meant to call you that.
What kind of segment is that?
A quick one.
Lastly, yes or no question.
Yes.
Yeah, not a segment.
Yeah.
That really fast.
Question.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
At Jeff Boyard on Twitter.
What do you guys want to plug and point the people to?
We have a live stream today.
If you're listening to this on Friday morning at noon Pacific.
Three p.m. Eastern.
Brad, what do you got?
I'm going to plug this show.
My favorite show on the head gum network.
There's no head gum podcast.
Easy to describe.
Easy to figure out.
Easy to know what you're going to get episode to episode.
Whatever the person recently asked me to describe it.
I something came into my head.
I was like, it's kind of like whatever.
You know, like when you're a kid and you like wake up on a Saturday.
And it like some friends from school.
Like invited you to go play basketball or something.
And then you like go into the kitchen.
Your mom's like, oh, your dad's outside.
He's building a deck.
And then you got to spend your weekend like building a deck.
And then you like go to school on Monday.
And like Kurt Wiseman shows up in a cast.
And everyone's like, oh, so what like Kurt tried to dunk.
And he like touched the rim and he fell.
And he like shattered his arm and like you had to be there.
And he like wouldn't let you sign his cast.
Because you weren't there.
And you felt like kind of shunned.
And now you're 31.
And you just bought a house and you need a new deck.
But instead you're here.
On a show.
I guess what I'm trying to do.
None of that had anything to do with what you were trying to do.
I'm you're mad at Kurt Wiseman.
I'm glad to be here to see you break your arm.
I feel you.
You know, and that's what I like about the show is that you feel better about yourself.
We never we we all get to see you.
Try to dunk and hurt yourself.
Or the cast.
Yeah.
Sometimes we dunk.
Dash cab was fun.
That's kind of funny.
That was a year ago.
Allie, what do you got that ever since?
The live stream.
And then you can follow me on Twitter or Instagram or letter box at Ali Khan.
And if you want to Venmo me at Ali Khan.
Nice.
I'm here.
I'm on.
Watch rooms.
That was a hit dumb original.